[Music]
yes
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you are starting the
week with a lot of strength like
Jorge Javier has to attack
Rocío Flores once again and I think that
this presenter when he becomes obsessed with
someone and when he takes over a company he
tears it apart and does not let go and it is not to
make statements against
her on this occasion he is even
daring to guess as if he were a
psychic what
her colleagues from Ana Rosa might think about
this girl I think that on
Ana Rosa's program at first they fell in love with
her misfortune moved by her tears and
her story but as the
months go by the collaborators like me begin to
lose the blindfold continue continue continue to
have faith in Xavier but I
think that you are the only one who sees things
that way she is not a very manipulative woman with
a very marked arrogance and with a
tendency to forgive the lives of all
those who do not agree with
her even to treat them with contempt be very
careful
that  you have to have enormous balls you have to
have enormous balls to say that your
Jorge Javier who walks around and
someone looking at people as if he
forgives their lives and treating others
with arrogance not with superiority you have to
have enormous balls I believe family that
this Jorge is completely
obsessed with Rocío Flores and the thing is that he
needs to have some kind of
punching bag he has to have someone as a
punching bag and if he lets one person out on the court he lets
another out I think that's how it is you tell me
what you think the
whole interview we analyzed it in
last night's live in the interview
each reading will always be reading you
with much respect and a very big hug
to all my audience see you in the
next video
[Music]